Docs collate for GitHub Actions (#556)
cloudposse/docs: content/github-actions/index.md

---
title: GitHub Actions
sidebar_label: Overview of GitHub Actions
description: GitHub Actions
sidebar_position: 0
---

This is a collection of reusable GitHub Actions.

## Introduction

> In this catalog you'll find real-world examples of how we've implemented various common github actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this library you'll find real-world examples of how we've implemented reusable GitHub Actions to solve common CI/CD challenges.
```
